From: Karen Whitfield <kwhitfield@example.com>
To: info@cooperhandyman.example
Subject: Question about a few things in my house
Date: April 30, 2025, 7:42 AM

Hello,

I got your name from my neighbor Robert who lives over on Beechwood — he said you did some work on his deck last year and was very happy. I have a few projects that have been piling up and I'm hoping to finally get them taken care of. I'm not in a huge rush but I'd like to get some of this done before summer.

Here's what I'm looking at:

1. There's a water stain on the ceiling in our upstairs hallway, near the bathroom. I think it's from when our toilet ran over a couple of months ago. The leak is fixed but the stain is still there. The drywall might need to be replaced, I'm not sure. The area is maybe 2 feet by 2 feet.

2. Two of our kitchen cabinet doors won't close properly anymore — the hinges seem loose or worn out. I think we just need new hinges but I'm not sure what kind to buy.

3. The wood gate to our backyard is sagging and dragging on the ground. It still latches but barely. Robert thought you could probably fix it without replacing the whole thing.

4. We have a ceiling fan in our bedroom that's been making a clicking noise for months. Probably needs to be replaced. We don't have a replacement yet — would you bring one or do we need to buy it?

5. I have an old desk that I want to mount on the wall as a floating shelf in our home office. I have the desk and brackets already, just need someone with the right tools and the patience to do it carefully. The wall is drywall over wood studs.

6. Honestly there might be a couple of other small things I think of when you're here.

A few questions:

- Can you give me a rough idea what this would all cost?
- How far out are you booked?
- Do you do a flat rate or hourly? My neighbor said hourly but I wasn't sure
- Do you bring your own materials or do I need to provide them?
- I have an old golden retriever who is very friendly but might bark when you arrive. Is that okay?

I'm available pretty much any weekday after 9am, or weekends if that's easier. My address is 4218 Birchwood Court (it's the blue house with the white trim).

Thanks so much, looking forward to hearing from you.

Karen Whitfield
555-381-0492
